Product description
In third quarter 2004, ABC Paint will migrate to a new paint numbering scheme. The new system must be in place by the second quarter of 2004, allowing customers the time to adjust to the new scheme before they will not be able to order the discontinued products. The use of the application will be long-term, used for the immediate transition and in the future when previous customers may return for more paint with old-scheme numbers.




Functional Requirements
Graphical Color Chooser - The color chooser requires the presence of a hardware pointing device.
Color Translator - The color translator requires the presence of the software color search module.
Closest Colors - The closest colors tool requires the presence of the software color search module.
Color Search Engine - The color search engine requires the color space and paint information databases to be present. These two databases store paint and collection information.
User Color Palette - The User Color Palette requires the color search engine for color requests and the
color sample matcher to enable the storing of uploaded images for matching.
Administrative Interface - The application administrative interface requires the color space and paint information databases to be present.
Color Sample Matcher - The color sample matcher requires the color search engine module to function. The color chooser requires the presence of a hardware pointing device.




Non-Functional Requirements
olor searches among the various collections defined by ABC Paint will be processed in subsecond time on the server.
Changes to Paint and collection information will occur in Real-time, although the actual
processing time will vary with respect to the amount of information to be updated, added, or
deleted on the server.
While performance requirements are transparently defined at the server, ColorKast makes no
guarantees as to the speed, completeness, or timeliness of service over the greater internet.
Performance of the application will vary on the speed and type of internet access to which the
client computer has access.
To verify the performance of the application, ColorKast will show the amount of time the server
takes to process a request. The time shown will not take into account the transit time of the
information over various computer networks.
Safety Requirements
Analysis of the proposed product requirements and features has not brought any safety concerns
to light. ColorKast recommends that a full legal review of the final product be undertaken prior to
any public use of the product or business-wide rollout. This will ensure that ABC Paint is allowed
full indemnification of liability.
Refer to current state and federal regulations regarding workplace use of keyboard-based
products. Experts have concluded that the continued, repetitive use of data-entry and Pointing
devices leads to injury in almost all circumstances. ColorKast takes no responsibility for injury or
resulting damages from the use of these devices.
Security Requirements
Due to the nature of the product, the data stored in repositories of the product is generally public
information consisting of paint names and color values not easily secured or obfuscated and
always recoverable by a sophisticated end user. No attempts will be made to secure this
information.
Information that the product will collect or store, which need access protections include user
specified color palettes and their store of access permissions. Access to this information must be
private. Most important, the store of access permissions to administrative features and access
permissions must be secure.
Implementations of Privacy and security must be on par with industry standards.